for the Sharks fish that can normally
outrun them are temporarily caught in
the shallows trapped between sand and
surface with few places to hide
lemon sharks hug the shore surrounded by
schooling bait fish for the moment they
seem to have little interest in all this
food around them they're simply waiting
for help
young trevally they dart for the fish
causing them to panic and break ranks by
putting themselves in the midst of the
shoal the Sharks are in a perfect
position to exploit the chaos
[Music]
for a hungry lemon shark no water seems
too shallow
the Sharks are able to use these special
tactics to feed ensure because of the
rhythm of the tides which change
conditions every few hours
you